I'm ranked fifth in my class and got a
perfect score on my SATs
I got scholarship award said on a roll
Awards vice president of the National
Honor Society president of eighteen I
like studying science and history and
I'm also the class treasurer ten years
from now I'm hopefully going to be some
kind of professor first person in my
family to go to college so it just makes
me want to do even better
I would love honestly to be to travel
around the world I want to be able to go
to school if I could get career all
right here's my room once you close the
curtain
it's a hallway what are the things when
you have them you will be officially an
adult one of hers is a Roomba I have
credit cards now I have my own insurance
I don't ever remember growing up in
Detroit was actually kinda rough this is
from Kylie I got it on our one-year
anniversary we basically attached at the
hip some days I'm overwhelmed title
source and engagement services Charles
but then there's those days and I'm just
like I love what I do
my parents are pastors I grew up going
to church every Sunday I don't want to
be a Christian because my parents are
pastors I want to be a Christian because
I know why I believe what I believe I
think my mom and my dad grew up together
I'm finally in a relationship where I
say I'm like completely happy this is
what love supposed to feel like
I just feel like kinda I guess kind of
stupid too I'm like I gave up everything
I'm really not sure how my future is
gonna work out success for me is
inextricably linked to being challenged
success is a life where I'm surrounded
by people I love them people who love me
[Music]
you